Added option to enable spot instance draining (#1100)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

  Bottlerocket sets this value to false by default. 
* `settings.ecs.loglevel`: The level of verbosity for the ECS agent's logs.
  Supported values are `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, and `crit`, and the default is `info`.

> * `settings.ecs.enable-spot-instance-draining`: If the instance receives a spot termination notice, the agent will set the instance's state to `DRAINING`, so the workload can be moved gracefully before the instance is removed. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `settings.ecs.enable-spot-instance-draining`: If the instance receives a [Spot](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/spot/) termination notice, the agent will set the instance's state in ECS to `DRAINING` so the workload can be moved gracefully.  Defaults to `false`.  (The instance will need to have permission to call the UpdateContainerInstancesState API, per [ECS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/container-instance-draining.html).)
```
I think we should mention the permission that the instance has to have, so the user knows what they have to set up beforehand.

  Bottlerocket sets this value to false by default. 
* `settings.ecs.loglevel`: The level of verbosity for the ECS agent's logs.
  Supported values are `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, and `crit`, and the default is `info`.

> * `settings.ecs.spot-instance-draining-enabled`: If the instance receives a spot termination notice, the agent will set the instance's state to `DRAINING`, so the workload can be moved gracefully before the instance is removed. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer 2: I'd prefer the imperative form here, something like:
```suggestion
* `settings.ecs.enable-spot-instance-draining`: If the instance receives a spot termination notice, the agent will set the instance's state to `DRAINING`, so the workload can be moved gracefully before the instance is removed. Defaults to `false`.
```

>   Supported values are `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, and `crit`, and the default is `info`.

Reviewer 3: I believe this sentence was added by mistake and isn't applicable to this setting. :)

Author: sry :) yes
